[DNS] Docs-in-dash landing page (#17097)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/dns/get-started.mdx

---
title: Get started
pcx_content_type: navigation
sidebar:
  order: 2
head:
  - tag: title
    content: Get started with Cloudflare DNS
    Description: Review a list of commonly accessed resources to support you throughout your journey as a Cloudflare DNS user.
---

import { GlossaryDefinition, Render } from "~/components";

Cloudflare's authoritative DNS offering covers a variety of [setups](/dns/zone-setups/).

> For the most common setup, Cloudflare will work as your primary DNS provider. This means that the **DNS** > **Records** page is where you will control which resources are available on the apex domain (`example.com`) or specific subdomains (`blog.example.com`) of your website, as well as control other configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you [add your domain](/fundamentals/setup/account-setup/add-site/) with Cloudflare as your [primary DNS provider](https://developers.cloudflare.com/dns/zone-setups/full-setup/) (the most common setup), we import your DNS records and become the authoritative DNS provider for that domain, meaning:

- You [manage DNS records](/dns/manage-dns-records/how-to/create-dns-records/) through the Cloudflare dashboard or API. This is how you control which resources are available on the apex domain (`example.com`) or specific subdomains (`blog.example.com`) of your website, as well as control other configurations.
- We [respond to all DNS queries](/fundamentals/concepts/how-cloudflare-works/#how-cloudflare-works-as-a-dns-provider) for your hostnames.
- The DNS records file (AKA the [DNS zone](/dns/concepts/#zone)) is cached across the[ Cloudflare global network](https://www.cloudflare.com/network/), speeding up DNS resolution.
- A, AAAA, and CNAME records are set to [proxy through Cloudflare](/dns/manage-dns-records/reference/proxied-dns-records/) by default.

```

> The following links introduce important concepts and guide you through actions you may need to take while having your website on Cloudflare.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following links introduce important concepts and guide you through actions you may need to take while having your website or application on Cloudflare.
```

- [DNS records](/dns/manage-dns-records/): DNS records communicate information about your domain to visitors and other web services.

- [Nameservers](/dns/nameservers/): In the context of Cloudflare DNS, nameservers refer to authoritative nameservers. When a nameserver is authoritative for `example.com`, it means that DNS resolvers will consider responses from this nameserver when a user tries to access `example.com`.

> - [Proxy status](/dns/manage-dns-records/reference/proxied-dns-records/): The proxy status of a DNS record affects how Cloudflare responds to DNS queries to that record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Proxy status](/dns/manage-dns-records/reference/proxied-dns-records/): The proxy status of a DNS record affects how Cloudflare treats incoming HTTP/S requests to that record.
```

> - [How Cloudflare works](/fundamentals/concepts/how-cloudflare-works/): An overview of how Cloudflare works and how you can use it as a DNS provider and as a reverse proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [How Cloudflare works](/fundamentals/concepts/how-cloudflare-works/): An overview of how Cloudflare works as a DNS provider and as a reverse proxy.
```

> - [DNS concepts](/dns/concepts/): Basic concepts organized to help you make sense of specific DNS terminology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [DNS concepts](/dns/concepts/): Fundamental concepts to help you understand DNS terminology.
```

---
title: Get started
pcx_content_type: navigation
sidebar:
  order: 2
head:
  - tag: title
    content: Get started with Cloudflare DNS
    Description: Review a list of commonly accessed resources to support you throughout your journey as a Cloudflare DNS user.
---

import { GlossaryDefinition, Render } from "~/components";

You can use Cloudflare DNS with a variety of [setups](/dns/zone-setups/).

> In the most common setup (full), you [add your domain](/fundamentals/setup/manage-domains/add-site/), import your [DNS records](/dns/manage-dns-records/), and [update your nameservers](/dns/nameservers/update-nameservers/) to make Cloudflare your primary authoritative DNS provider. Once the setup is completed:

Reviewer 2: I feel like this page could benefit from some sections dividing the content.

How about the following:
```
You can use Cloudflare DNS with a variety of [setups](/dns/zone-setups/).

## Common setup (full)

In the most common setup (full), you perform the following steps to make Cloudflare your primary authoritative DNS provider:

1. [Add your domain](/fundamentals/setup/manage-domains/add-site/).
2. Import your [DNS records](/dns/manage-dns-records/).
3. [Update your nameservers](/dns/nameservers/update-nameservers/). 

## Additional configuration

Once the setup is completed:

(...)

## More resources

The following links introduce important concepts and will guide you through actions you may need to take while having your website or application on Cloudflare.

(...)
```

Reviewer 2: I understand that this page will support docs-in-dash readers. If you think we'd have too many headings that would take too much space, feel free to do it differently.

Author: Thank you, Pedro. This was my fear indeed.
But have tried it, checked in with Abby as well, and will add a few headings.
